The Joe Rogan experience.
Those cars who really feel the road. Oh yeah. So if you run over a P mm-hmm,
<affirmative> like, you definitely get princess out and are like you. Cause I,
I have a 67 Camaro I've had, since I was 14. Great.
It's it was my it's my first car. Oh.
That's amazing. You have your first car.
Yeah. Yeah, God. And, and there's been times when,
uh, I haven't done well or something.
I've had to sleep in it and all these things.
So we have this long relationship and it never breaks down.
It's always just wonderful to, we're wonderful to each other. And uh,
and you feel the road mm-hmm <affirmative> when you hit something, you're like,
Hey, right. And so you're attached to it. Um, and I, I,
I love riding in a caddy or something like that too, where it's like,
you could run over multiple bodies and, and feel nothing. Right, right. But,
but, um, but I enjoy the drive when, um,
when I'm on the road sitting on a seat with five wheels,
one of my hand and four on the road, it's like great experience by old man. Um,
for a brief second I, a 65, uh, Corvette stingray.
They're amazing cars. They just, the way that thing looks like,
they just nailed it.
It's very organic. Yeah. They nailed it.
It's definitely taken off of a stingray. Like someone's like, Ooh, well.
It's, I don't know. I mean, it doesn't really look like a stingray to me, but,
but it looks like it's just.
It's that front, like yeah. It's,
there's that bit of that shaping that inspiration of the shape to me, I guess.
Yeah. And, and I think I, I I'm, so, uh,
always at a lost one. It's like,
if you could make something and you're gonna ask everyone to help you,
and we're gonna grab all this from wherever,
we're gonna grab it from mm-hmm <affirmative> can,
can we make it look cool or no? Or like, what is your aversion to,
everything has to look like an egg or a drop of water. Right. Um,
and if it does, can we do that like as cool looking as possible?
<laugh> you know what I mean? Like mm-hmm, <affirmative>,
it should look great because that don't you feel good in that car? Oh yeah.
Yeah. It.
Looks great. Yeah. It look and it's, it's also, to me, it's like,
you're rolling around in a piece of history. So 1965, you know,
it's like that, that thing was created in, you know,
the early sixties,
someone figured it out and put it together and then made a production line.
And, and did the most important thing ever. They said, this is where we stop.
Yep. We're good. Yeah. And there was like,
this is what it looks like when it's finished.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> a completed thought. Yeah. And, and,
and other people are like, good idea, man. And, and I just,
I have a 67, you have 65. Like, um,
that doesn't mean there aren't things made today.
It just means like I'm down with that idea and it, well, it's also, it's.
It captures a very specific time in American history where they made these cars
that were worthwhile because when you go to 77, nobody gives a about a 77.
Anything, you know, you know what I mean? Like who's buying a 77 Mustang,
get the thing away from me. You know, they all look.
Like there's a lot of people selling him. <laugh> maybe, well, I also think too,
this, this guy pulled up on me on, in a Prius.
That was quite new and he rolled down the window and just looked at me and waved
his hand over his, and I was like, and he goes, stinky, no way. Really? Yeah.
Oh, on Fairfax, kind of by the whole foods there at Santa Santa Monica. And, uh,
um, and I just thought this is my first car. I haven't got another one.
So you've probably gotten multiple new cars. That's the only.
Car you've had.
Uh, I had a Bronco. You have a family car, your whole life. That's it.
I had a Magnum for a sec, but I never sold this car. Wow.
Magnum was great. I can't believe you never sold. That is so cool.
You ever sold your first car and it was a 67 Camaro. Like.
I had a lot of experiences in there that were,
that were wonderful and some that were challenging and they're all, it's,
it's incredible to have that locked.
Into that car. Yeah. I mean, but it's the shape too.
That's like one of the great all time iconic shapes in automotive.
History. That first one was like an, an attempt to be like Mustang, Mustang.
Yeah. And, um, and they really hit it out of the park.
Because 67, 68 and 69, you can almost hear.
The Mustang going like, well, yeah. Um, you know, because the, it it's,
it's, it's beautiful. Yeah. But I was thinking this guy,
like I see what he was trying to, but, uh, he's probably,
he's probably bought a ton of cars, which is way worse for the footprint.
Just off the plus batteries are made on three.
Condos. And what does he think he is gonna do fix you by going stinky?
He's just being a tot.
He's trying to build himself up again by breaking me down. But yeah. I'd have,
like, my grandpa always said he didn't swear very much, but he, he,
one of the things he was like,
I'd have to give a for to matter mm-hmm <affirmative> and, and, um,
I just kind of <laugh> chuckled, um, because I was like,
thank God I had ride in the, in the car with him, you know? Yeah.
Because certainly he's going up to the next,
like money Carlo and is like stinky. Yeah. He's just gonna do it all.
He's not like a stinky parade. <laugh>.
He's driving around in a car that gets 50 miles to the gallon.
Just mocking everything with a V8.
Yeah. But also like on a, on a stinky parade and, and that's, that's a,
that's a something I don't wanna float on. It's.
A lot of negativity pumping out there. Yeah.
But it's just weird to roll down your window and do that to people like,
come on, man.
Come on. Well, certainly that's too much free time. I'm in my book, you know?
Uh.
What says too much self righteousness. Yeah.
Stinky.
Stinky. There it is. Look at that one. Done up. Woo. Look at that bad boy. Oh.
Well, God. If I could turn on my head,
do you mind if I turn this on I'll I'll show you a picture. Is that yours? That,
um, mine looks it.
Is it yours? Is it not yours? I don't think that's his,
isn't yours black or is yours.
Silver? Yeah. It's silver. Is it like that? It looks a lot like that,
except I don't have those actually. I used to have,
I that's real close, but that's not it.
Ah, you internet <laugh>.
But it it's strikingly close. For example,
this has no door handles and no mirrors and yours does, and mine does.
It also has a hood scoop from what seems to be a Corvette actually,
which mine does not have. And um, those rims are,
are much like the ones I had in my Magnum, but, um, not what I have on my,
I think that's the hood from, uh, 69, 4 27.
I think the SS and the, uh, that, that's it right there. There it is.
That's beautiful, man. Yeah. And, uh,
and I'll show you what it looks like right now because I, I,
I ended up dropping a crate engine because in there, which is a GM,
which one? It's a D blueprinted three 50 with aluminum heads.
So it weighs like 800 pounds left. And, um,
it sounds like you're stepping on glass, like in an endless mole to parade too.
Yeah. Cause like, like, you know, like a glass and a hankie. Yeah.
When they're like Mo like glass pack mufflers. Well, I, and I, in truth,
I tried to calm that down because as you crest a hundred miles an hour,
it with the muffler's too loud, it's like what? It's a bit like being in a,
B 52 bomber for no reason. <laugh> like, you know, um,
yeah. Um, and, uh, let's see my rides, uh,
I'll show it if you, if you don't mind there. Um,
because, uh, it's pretty, it's lovely.
When did you put the, the CRA engine into it? About five years ago.
And what a great idea that was? Oh, yeah. Changed the balance of the car, right?
Oh yeah. And it's got a new front and rear clip under it. Oh, nice.
So it's on rails, like, oh, beautiful. You couldn't roll that thing if you,
if you like lubed up the freeway, you know, like, um,
here it's and I got these Hopster oh yeah.
Hopster rims on it. It's Ooh, God, that looked good. You know,
you know, what's amazing about it is, um, um, I get in that car and I,
I take the kids to school or something and it's the it contagious,
because what happens is you feel really good as, you know, you get in your,
at 65 and,
and you feel really good and you pull up with a smile on your face and go, Hey,
and it's a daily driver of this thing. Yeah. Um, it's my daily driver.
And so that's a perfect rockstar daily driver, by the way. Well,
it's 67 Camaro. It's it's the, what it is,
is something that makes me feel really good. That is not part of a crisis. Yeah.
Near not, mid-life not, yeah. Not, pre-life not post life. Right. It it's just,
it's just mine. And, uh, and I feel like myself in there, the kids get in there.
I have five point seatbelt.
So you don't need a car seat because I have a seatbelt that's that makes a car
seat look like you do. Okay. Right. Harness, harness.
It's it's a harness with Springs that like slip mm-hmm <affirmative> anyway.
So they can be in the car as,
as it is and take them to school and, and, um,
kids go like, whoa. And they get to get out in that. Yeah.
And that's how they start their day. Right. Right. Right. And,
and it's like a little adventure. That is tight. Yeah. That is tight, man.
Like even being in traffic, like people are really nice to you too. They,
they pull up and they go, yeah, man, most of them. Yeah. Well, some go stinky,
but <laugh>, don't forget about that guy, you know, behind it,
behind the of something. Cool. Is stinking. Yeah. Well, that's true too.
<laugh>.